docs/_pages/home.md, before:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
hidden: true
header:
  overlay_color: "#5e616c"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/mm-home-page-feature.jpg
  actions:
    - label: "<i class='fas fa-download'></i> Install now"
      url: "/docs/quick-start-guide/"
excerpt: >
  A flexible two-column Jekyll theme. Perfect for building personal sites, blogs, and portfolios.<br />
  <small><a href="https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/releases/tag/4.27.0">Latest release v4.27.0</a></small>
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/mm-customizable-feature.png
    alt: "customizable"
    title: "Super customizable"
    excerpt: "Everything from the menus, sidebars, comments, and more can be configured or set with YAML Front Matter."
    url: "/docs/configuration/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/mm-responsive-feature.png
    alt: "fully responsive"
    title: "Responsive layouts"
    excerpt: "Built with HTML5 + CSS3. All layouts are fully responsive with helpers to augment your content."
    url: "/docs/layouts/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/mm-free-feature.png
    alt: "100% free"
    title: "100% free"
    excerpt: "Free to use however you want under the MIT License. Clone it, fork it, customize it... whatever!"
    url: "/docs/license/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"      
---

{% include feature_row %}

Commit message:

Update image paths in test and docs files to use site.baseurl

docs/_pages/home.md, after:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
hidden: true
header:
  overlay_color: "#5e616c"
  overlay_image: {{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/mm-home-page-feature.jpg
  overlay_filter: 0.5 # same as adding an opacity of 0.5 to a black background
  actions:
    - label: "<i class='fas fa-download'></i> Install now"
      url: "/docs/quick-start-guide/"
excerpt: >
  A flexible two-column Jekyll theme. Perfect for building personal sites, blogs, and portfolios.<br />
  <small><a href="https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/releases/tag/4.27.0">Latest release v4.27.0</a></small>
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/mm-customizable-feature.png
    alt: "customizable"
    title: "Super customizable"
    excerpt: "Everything from the menus, sidebars, comments, and more can be configured or set with YAML Front Matter."
    url: "/docs/configuration/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/mm-responsive-feature.png
    alt: "fully responsive"
    title: "Responsive layouts"
    excerpt: "Built with HTML5 + CSS3. All layouts are fully responsive with helpers to augment your content."
    url: "/docs/layouts/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/mm-free-feature.png
    alt: "100% free"
    title: "100% free"
    excerpt: "Free to use however you want under the MIT License. Clone it, fork it, customize it... whatever!"
    url: "/docs/license/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"      
---

{% include feature_row %}
